{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red204\green51\blue204;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid12}
{\list\listtemplateid13\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid13}
{\list\listtemplateid14\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid14}
{\list\listtemplateid15\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid15}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid13\listoverridecount0\ls13}{\listoverride\listid14\listoverridecount0\ls14}{\listoverride\listid15\listoverridecount0\ls15}}
{\info
{\author Fred}
{\*\company Microsoft}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20340\viewh16200\viewkind1\viewscale130
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\qc

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 DPS Project Requirements Specifications 2018
\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs28 \cf0 \
Bank System Stories\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 1.	(\cf3 SEC\cf0 ) Create password
\b0    -  A password must have at least 1 alphanumeric and at least 1 non-alphanumeric character with a maximum of 6 characters\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 2.	Account owner
\b0   -  An account owner has Name (First Last), Account owner ID, password\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b \cf0 Create Account Owner\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 Account Owner ID  ______________ (created and controlled by the system)\
Name  _________________________________________\
Password ______ (maximum 6 characters)\
Error Message  ______________________________(hidden field unless there is an error)\
		\ul Submit\ulnone 					\ul Clear 
\b \ulnone \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 3.	(\cf3 SEC\cf0 ) Login lock out and unlock  -  
\b0 login is
\b  
\b0 disabled after 2 failed login attempts. A new password must be created via an unlock operation.   At the 2\super nd\nosupersub  failed login the error message - Two failed login attempts \'96 contact bank for password reset. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc
\cf0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 When another login is attempted the error message \'96 Contact bank for password reset\u8232 \u8232 
\b Password Reset
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Account Owner ID _________      Unlock Password  __________  \u8232 \u8232 New Password   __________________\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \uc0\u8232 Error Message  ______________________________(hidden field unless there is an error)\
		\ul Submit\ulnone 					\ul Clear  \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf0 4.	Create Account
\b0   -  An account has an Account owner ID, unique account ID, an account type and a balance. \uc0\u8232 The account types are checking and savings\u8232 Need GUI to create an account\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b \cf0 \
Create Account\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 Account ID _________ (created and controlled by the system)\
Account Owner ID _________      Password  __________\
Account Type ____________  (Initially only Checking and Savings)\
Opening Balance _______________ \
Error Message  ______________________________(hidden field unless there is an error)\
		\ul Submit\ulnone 					\ul Clear  \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 5.	Deposit
\b0   -  An account owner may deposit money into their accounts\uc0\u8232 Need GUI for a deposit\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b \cf0 Deposit\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 Deposit ID ________ (created and controlled by the system)\
Account Owner ID _________      Password  __________\
Account ID _______\
Deposit Amount _______________ \
Error Message  ______________________________(hidden field unless there is an error)\
		\ul Submit\ulnone 					\ul Clear  \ulnone \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls5\ilvl0
\b \cf0 6.	Withdraw
\b0   -  An account owner may withdraw money from their accounts.\uc0\u8232 The withdrawal amount may not be greater than the account balance\u8232 Need GUI for a withdrawal\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b \cf0 Withdraw\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 Withdrawal ID ________ (created and controlled by the system)\
Account Owner ID _________      Password  __________\
Account ID _______\
Withdrawal Amount _______________ \
Error Message  ______________________________(hidden field unless there is an error)\
		\ul Submit\ulnone 					\ul Clear  \ulnone \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls6\ilvl0
\b \cf0 7.	Transfer
\b0   -  An account owner may transfer money from one of their accounts to another of their accounts\uc0\u8232 The amount transferred must not be greater than the balance in the account from which it is being transferred.\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b \cf0 \
Transfer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 Transfer ID ________ (created and controlled by the system)\
Account Owner ID _________      Password  __________\
Transfer From Account ID _______        Transfer To Account  ID ______________ \
Transfer Amount  ___________            \
Error Message  ______________________________(hidden field unless there is an error)\
		\ul Submit\ulnone 					\ul Clear  \ulnone \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf0 8.	Bank transactions
\b0   -  all transactions must be saved and be able to be retrieved. A transaction consists of: Account owner ID, Account ID, Transaction date, Transaction Type, Transaction ID, Transaction amount\uc0\u8232 Transaction types \'96 create account owner, create account, deposit, withdrawal, transfer from, transfer to\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls8\ilvl0
\b \cf0 9.	List transactions
\b0   -  an account owner needs to be able to list all transactions for their accounts\uc0\u8232 Account Owner ID, First name, last name in the header of the list\u8232    Account ID, transaction type, transaction ID, transaction date, transaction amount\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls9\ilvl0
\b \cf0 10.	Report balance
\b0  \'96 Account owner may request the current balance for one of their accounts\uc0\u8232 Need GUI \'96 Balance result in the GUI\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b \cf0 \
Report Balance\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 Balance Report ID ________ (created and controlled by the system)\
Account Owner ID _________      Password  __________\
Account ID _______\
Balance _______________ (entered by the system as output to the request)\
Error Message  ______________________________(hidden field unless there is an error)\
		\ul Submit\ulnone 					\ul Clear  \ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls10\ilvl0
\b \cf0 11.	List Transactions by Account Type
\b0  \'96 Account owner must be able to list transactions by selected account type, i.e., checking, savings, etc.\uc0\u8232 List in date order (see story 7)\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 Transaction List by Account Type\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 Account Owner ID _____________    Password  ________\
Account Type _____________________\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls11\ilvl0
\b \cf0 12.	Check processing
\b0  \'96 Checks may be drawn against a checking account. The check will contain the Account owner ID, account ID, date, check ID, amount. The balance in the account will be reduced by the check amount. There must be sufficient funds in the account to cover the check amount. The account type must be checking.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls12\ilvl0
\b \cf0 13.	GUI for check processing\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls13\ilvl0\cf0 14.	Bill payment
\b0  \'96 The account owner may pay a bill directly from any of the accounts.\uc0\u8232         Need GUI for Bill Payment \
\ls13\ilvl0
\b 15.	Statements
\b0  \'96 The Account owner may request statements on demand. The statement will display an opening and closing balance and all transactions completed from the start date to the end date. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls14\ilvl0
\b \cf0 16.	GUI to request a statement
\b0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls15\ilvl0
\b \cf0 17.	Search for transactions
\b0  \'96 The account owner must be able to list transaction(s) by any or all of transaction type, transaction date range, transaction amount.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 Need GUI for Search Transactions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0        18.  List all account owners and their accounts\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 Owner ID   Name    Password\
       Account ID   Account Type   Balance\
       Account ID   Account Type   Balance\
\
   Owner ID   Name    Password\
       ***  No Accounts ***\
\
   Owner ID   Name    Password\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0        
\b0 Account ID   Account Type   Balance\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 19.  Account owner
\b0  
\b login
\b0  
\b and application menu
\b0 -  An account owner has to log in before any transactions can be processed. Once logged in, all applications will be accessed via the menu buttons. When an application is closed, control returns to the login-menu screen. Closing the login screen logs the user out; or they can press the Log Out button.\
\
All the applications will have the Account Owner ID entered into the Account Owner ID field \

\b \
                           Bank login and application menu\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 Account Owner ID  ________     Password _______    
\b \ul Log in
\b0 \ulnone  (Button)    
\b \ul Log Out
\b0 \ulnone \
Name  _________________________________________ (returned from login)\
\
Error Message  ______________________________(hidden field unless there is an error)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0                                           Application Menu\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Create Account
\b0 \ulnone 	
\b \ul Deposit
\b0 \ulnone 	
\b \ul Withdraw
\b0 \ulnone 	
\b \ul Transfer
\b0 \ulnone 	
\b \ul Report Balance\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone (These are all buttons to access the applications)\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 20. List Transactions by Date range
\b0  \'96 Account owner must be able to list transactions by selected date range\
List in date order (see story 7)\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0     Transaction List by Date Range\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 Account Owner ID _____________    Password ________\
Start Date _____________________ End Date _______________________\
\
21. 
\b List transaction to a GUI  
\b0 \
Account Owner ID __________ Name _____________\
   Account ID       Type      Transaction ID       Date                Amount\
   __________  ________     ______           __________       __________\
   __________  ________     ______           __________       __________\
   __________  ________     ______           __________       __________\page \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs28 \cf0 Bank System Acceptance Tests
\fs24 :\
\
1.1    Given that we are creating a new Account Owner and the last Account Owner ID is O1002,\
  When we enter First Name John, Last name Smith, Password J$1234,\
  Then the New Account Owner should be \'96 Account Owner ID = O1003, First name = John, Last Name = Smith, Password = J$1234\
\
1.2    Given that we are creating a new Account Owner and the last Account Owner ID is O1002,\
  When we enter First Name John, Last name Smith, Password J$12345,\
Then we should get an error message = Password maximum 6 characters\
\
1.3    Given that we are creating a new Account Owner and the last Account Owner ID is O1002,\
  When we enter First Name John, Last name Smith, Password J12345,\
Then we should get an error message = Password must contain at least 1 non-alphanumeric character\
\
\
1.4    Given that we are creating a new Account Owner and the last Account Owner ID is O1002,\
  When we enter First Name John, Last name Smith, Password J$,\
  Then the New Account Owner should be \'96 Account Owner ID = O1003, First name = John, Last Name = Smith, Password = J$\
\
1.5    Given that we are creating a new Account Owner and the last Account Owner ID is O1002,\
  When we enter First Name John, Last name Smith, Password $#$,\
Then we should get an error message = Password must contain at least 1 alphanumeric character\
\
1.6    Given that we are creating a new Account Owner and the last Account Owner ID is O1002,\
  When we enter First Name John, Last name Smith, Password J,\
Then we should get an error message = Password minimum 2 characters\
\
2.1    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and the last account ID for this owner is A1004 and we are creating a new checking    account\
 When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account Type Checking and Balance 50.00\
 Then the new account should be \'96 Account Owner ID = O1002, Account ID = A1005, Account Type = Checking, Balance = 50.00\
\
2.2     Given that Account Owner ID O1002 does not exist and we are creating a new checking account\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account Type Checking and Balance 50.00\
  Then we should get an error message = Invalid Account Owner ID\
\
2.3     Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and we are creating a new checking account\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2223, Account Type Checking and Balance 50.00\
  Then we should get an error message = Invalid Password\
\
2.4    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and the last account ID for this owner is A1004 and we are creating a new checking account\
 When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account Type Checking and Balance -50.00\
 Then we should get an error message = Balance cannot be negative.\
\
2.5    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and the last account ID for this owner is A1004 and we are creating a new checking account  \
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account Type Checking and Balance is empty\
  Then we should get an error message = Balance cannot be empty.\
\
2.6     Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and the last account ID for this owner is A1004 and we are creating a new checking account\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account Type Checking and Balance is space(s)\
  Then we should get an error message = Balance cannot be blank.\
\
2.7    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and the last account ID for this owner is A1004 and we are creating a new checking account\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account Type Checking and Balance is 23w\
  Then we should get an error message = Balance must be numeric\
\
2.8     Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and the last account ID for this owner is A1004 and we are creating a new checking  account\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account Type Money Market and Balance is 50\
  Then we should get an error message = Account type invalid\
2.9    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and the last account ID for this owner is A1004 and we are creating a new checking account\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account Type Checking and Balance is 12.345\
  Then we should get an error message = Amount must be dollars and cents\
\
3.1   Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 50.00 and we are making a deposit\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and deposit amount 100\
  Then the account should be \'96 Account Owner ID = O1002, Account ID = A1004, Account Type = Checking, Balance = 150.00\
\
3.2     Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 50 and we are making a deposit\
    When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and deposit amount -100\
    Then we should get an error message = Deposit amount cannot be negative\
\
3.3 Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 50 and we are making a deposit\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and deposit amount is blank\
Then we should get an error message = Deposit amount cannot be spaces(s)\
\
3.4   Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 50 and we are making a deposit\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and deposit amount is empty\
Then we should get an error message = Deposit amount cannot be empty\
\
3.5 Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 50 and we are making a deposit\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and deposit amount is 0\
Then we should get an error message = Deposit amount cannot be zero\
\
3.6 Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 50 and we are making a deposit\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and deposit amount is 23w\
Then we should get an error message = Deposit amount must be numeric\
\
3.7   Given that Account Owner ID O1002 does not exist and we are making a deposit\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account Type Checking and deposit amount 50\
Then we should get an error message = Invalid Account Owner ID\
\
3.8   Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and we are making a deposit\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2223, Account Type Checking and deposit amount 50.00\
Then we should get an error message = Invalid Password\
\
3.9   Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and we are making a deposit\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2223, Account Type Checking and deposit amount 1.234\
Then we should get an error message = Amount must be dollars and cents\
\
4.1 Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 50.00 and we are reporting a balance\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004\
Then the Balance should contain 50.00\
\
4.2   Given that Account Owner ID O1002 does not exist and we are reporting a balance\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004\
Then we should get an error message = Invalid Account Owner ID\
\
4.3  Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and Account ID A1004 exists and we are reporting a balance\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2223, Account ID A1004\
Then we should get an error message = Invalid Password\
\
4.4 Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and Account ID A1004 does not exist and we are reporting a balance\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2223, Account ID A1004\
Then we should get an error message = Invalid Account ID\
\
5.1    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a withdrawal\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and withdrawal amount 50\
   Then the account should be \'96 Account Owner ID = O1002, Account ID = A1004, Account Type = Checking, Balance = 50.00\
\
5.2    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a withdrawal\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and withdrawal amount -100\
   Then we should get an error message = Withdrawal amount cannot be negative\
\
5.3    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a withdrawal\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and withdrawal amount 100\
   Then the account should be \'96 Account Owner ID = O1002, Account ID = A1004, Account Type = Checking, Balance = 0.00\
\
5.4    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a withdrawal\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and withdrawal amount 50.25\
   Then the account should be \'96 Account Owner ID = O1002, Account ID = A1004, Account Type = Checking, Balance = 49.75\
\
5.5    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a withdrawal\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and withdrawal amount 150\
   Then we should get an error message = Withdrawal amount cannot be greater than balance\
\
5.6  Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a withdrawal\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and withdrawal amount empty\
   Then we should get an error message = You must enter a withdrawal amount\
\
5.7    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a withdrawal\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and withdrawal amount is w45\
   Then we should get an error message = Withdrawal amount must be numeric\
\
5.8    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a withdrawal\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and withdrawal amount 50.234\
   Then we should get an error message = Withdrawal amount must be dollars and cents\
\
5.9    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a withdrawal\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and withdrawal amount space(s)\
   Then we should get an error message = Withdrawal amount cannot be blank\
\
5.10    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a withdrawal\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and withdrawal amount is zero\
   Then we should get an error message = Withdrawal amount cannot be zero\
\
\
6.1   Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 150 and account ID A1003 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a transfer\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Transfer From Account ID A1004, Transfer To Account ID A1003 and transfer amount 100\
  Then the account balances should be  \'96 Account Owner ID = O1002, Account ID = A1004, Balance = 50.00 and Account Owner ID = O1002, Account ID = A1003, Balance = 200.00\
\
6.2    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 150 and account ID A1003 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a transfer\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Transfer From Account ID A1004, Transfer To Account ID A1003 and transfer amount 250\
   Then we should get an error message \'96 Transfer amount cannot be greater than the From Account balance\
\
6.3    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 150 and account ID A1003 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a transfer\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Transfer From Account ID A1004, Transfer To Account ID A1003 and transfer amount 150\
   Then the account balances should be  \'96 Account Owner ID = O1002, Account ID = A1004, Balance = 0.00 and Account Owner ID = O1002, Account ID = A1003, Balance = 250.00\
\
6.4    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 150 and account ID A1003 does not exist and we are making a transfer\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Transfer From Account ID A1004, Transfer To Account ID A1003 and transfer amount 100\
   Then we should get an error message \'96 Transfer to account does not exist\
\
6.5    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 150 and we are making a transfer\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Transfer From Account ID A1004, Transfer To Account ID A1004 and transfer amount 100\
   Then we should get an error message \'96 Transfer to and from accounts must be different\
\
6.6    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 150 and account ID A1003 does not exist and we are making a transfer\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Transfer From Account ID A1003, Transfer To Account ID A1004 and transfer amount 100\
   Then we should get an error message \'96 Transfer from account does not exist\
\
6.7    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 150 and account ID A1003 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a transfer\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Transfer From Account ID A1004, Transfer To Account ID A1003 and transfer amount -250\
   Then we should get an error message \'96 Transfer amount cannot negative\
\
6.8    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 150 and account ID A1003 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a transfer\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Transfer From Account ID A1004, Transfer To Account ID A1003 and transfer amount 1.234\
   Then we should get an error message \'96 Transfer amount must be dollars and cents\
\
6.9    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 150 and account ID A1003 exists and the balance is 100 and we are making a transfer\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Transfer From Account ID A1004, Transfer To Account ID A1003 and transfer amount 12a3\
   Then we should get an error message \'96 Transfer amount must be numeric\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 7.1   Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 50.00 and the last deposit transaction ID used is D1002 and we are making a deposit\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and deposit amount 100 and the system date is 10/23/2012\
  Then the Transaction written to the database should have the following fields:
\b0  \uc0\u8232        
\b Transaction ID, Account owner ID, Account ID, Transaction date, \uc0\u8232         Transaction Type,  Transaction amount \
 and the transaction record should have the values:\
D1003,O1002,A1004,10/23/2012,Deposit,100\
\
7.2  Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 50.00 and the last deposit transaction ID used is D1002 and we are making a deposit\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID A1004 and deposit amount -100 and the system date is 10/23/2012\
  Then the No Transaction Record should be written to the database.\
\
\
\
8.1    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the account owner name is Fred G and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 50.00 and we are logging in and making a deposit\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222 and press LOG IN\
  Then Fred G is in the Name field\
  When we press Deposit button\
  Then the Deposit panel is active, The Account Owner ID in the Deposit panel is O1002\
  When Account ID is A1004 and deposit amount is 100 and we press Submit and we close the Deposit  panel\
  Then we return to the Login Menu panel\
\
8.2    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the account owner name is Fred G and the Password is P$2222 and we are logging in\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222 and press LOG IN\
  Then Fred G is in the Name field\
  When we press LOG OUT\
  Then the Owner ID is empty and the Password is empty and the Name is empty and we are in the Login  Menu panel\
\
8.3   Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the account owner name is Fred G and the Password is P$2222 and we are logging in\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222 and press LOG OUT\
  Then the error message is = You are not logged in\
\
8.4   Given that Account Owner ID O1002 does not exist and we are logging in\
   When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222 and Press LOG IN\
   Then we should get an error message = Invalid Account Owner ID\
\
8.5   Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and we are logging in\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2223 and press LOG IN\
Then we should get an error message = Invalid Password\
\
8.6   Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and we are logging in\
When we enter an empty Account Owner and Password P$2222 and press LOG IN\
Then we should get an error message = You must enter an Account Owner ID\
\
8.7   Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and we are logging in\
When we enter a blank (spaces) Account Owner and Password P$2222 and press LOG IN\
Then we should get an error message = You must enter an Account Owner ID\
\
8.8  Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and we are logging in\
When we enter Account Owner ID O1002 and an empty Password and press LOG IN\
Then we should get an error message = You must enter a password\
\
8.9  Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and we are logging in\
When we enter Account Owner ID O1002 and a blank (spaces)  Password and press LOG IN\
Then we should get an error message = You must enter a password\
\
8.10    Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the account owner name is Fred G and the Password is P$2222 and we are logging in\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222 and press LOG IN\
  Then Fred G is in the Name field\
  When we press LOG IN\
  Then we should get an error message = You are already logged in\
\
8.11    Given that we are logging in\
    When we press Deposit\
    Then we should get an error message = You are not logged in\
\
9.1     Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and we are creating a new checking account\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2223, Account Type Checking and Balance 50.00\
  Then we should get an error message = Invalid Password\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2223, Account Type Checking and Balance 50.00\
  Then we should get an error message = Two failed login attempts \'96 contact bank for password reset\
\
9.2     Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and we are creating a new checking account\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2223, Account Type Checking and Balance 50.00\
  Then we should get an error message = Invalid Password\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account Type Checking and Balance 50.00\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Then the new account should be \'96 Account Owner ID = O1002, Account ID = A1005, Account Type = Checking, Balance = 50.00\
 When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2223, Account Type Checking and Balance 50.00\
Then we should get an error message = Invalid Password\
\
\
9.3     Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is locked and the and we are creating a new checking account\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account Type Checking and Balance 50.00\
  Then we should get an error message = Contact bank for password reset\
\
9.4     Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is locked and the and we are creating a new checking account\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2223, Account Type Checking and Balance 50.00\
  Then we should get an error message = Contact bank for password reset\
\
\
\
10.1  Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and we are resetting the password\uc0\u8232 \u8232  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Unlock password U$U$,  Password P$1234 \u8232        Then Password is reset to P$1234\
Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$1234 and the last account ID for this owner is A1004 and we are creating a new checking account\
 When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$1234, Account Type Checking and Balance 50.00\
 Then the new account should be \'96 Account Owner ID = O1002, Account ID = A1005, Account Type = Checking, Balance = 50.00\
\uc0\u8232  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account Type Checking and Balance 50.00\
Then we should get an error message = Invalid Password\
\
10.2  Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and we are resetting the password\uc0\u8232 \u8232  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Unlock password Q$U$,  Password P$1234\
Then we should get an error message = Invalid Unlock Password\
\
11.1    Given that we are resetting a password and Account Owner ID is O1002\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Unlock password U$U$,  Password P$12345\
Then we should get an error message = Password maximum 6 characters\
\
\
11.2    Given that we are resetting a password and Account Owner ID is O1002\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Unlock password U$U$,  Password P12345\
Then we should get an error message = Password must contain at least 1 non-alphanumeric character\
\
\
11.3  Given that we are resetting a password and Account Owner ID is O1002\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Unlock password U$U$,  Password J$ \
  Then new Password = J$\
\
11.4    Given that we are resetting a password and Account Owner ID is O1002\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Unlock password U$U$,  Password  $#$,\
Then we should get an error message = Password must contain at least 1 alphanumeric character\
\
11.5   Given that we are resetting a password and Account Owner ID is O1002\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Unlock password U$U$,  Password  J,\
Then we should get an error message = Password minimum 2 characters\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \page \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 12.1   Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 50.00 and we are making a deposit\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2223, Account ID = A1004, Account Type Checking and deposit amount 50.00\
Then we should get an error message = Invalid Password\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2223, Account ID = A1004, Account Type Checking and deposit amount 50.00\
Then we should get an error message = Two failed login attempts \'96 contact bank for password reset\
\
12.2   Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is P$2222 and account ID A1004 exists and the balance is 50.00 and we are making a deposit\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2223, Account ID = A1004, Account Type Checking and deposit amount 50.00\
Then we should get an error message = Invalid Password\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID = A1004, Account Type Checking and deposit amount 50.00\
  Then the account should be \'96 Account Owner ID = O1002, Account ID = A1004, Account Type = Checking, Balance = 100.00\
When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2223, Account ID = A1004, Account Type Checking and deposit amount 50.00\
Then we should get an error message = Invalid Password\
\
\
12.3     Given that Account Owner ID O1002 exists and the Password is locked and we are making a deposit\
  When we enter Account Owner O1002, Password P$2222, Account ID = A1004, Account Type Checking and deposit amount 50.00\
\
  Then we should get an error message = Contact bank for password reset\
\
}